well I'm back once again to how to cook
great food calm let's get started on
this lovely lamb curry I'm gonna cook
this in a pressure cooker this is my
pressure cooker here because I've got
lamb as you can see it now on the bone
I've got some beautiful chunky lamb but
I've washed really nicely we're gonna
drop all this inside and the pressure
cooker is gonna really speed up the
process boys you don't have one you can
still make this dish of course don't
worry about that it would just take a
little bit longer but what the pressure
cooker does cookie really fast and it
would just fall off the bone and meat
which is exactly where we want to be so
we've got that in there but touch of oil
just a regular sunflower oil to use any
oil that you'd like now put a few seeds
and bits and pieces hid I've got a
couple of cloves some cumin seeds some
green cardamom and a couple of bits of
dried red chili in they go
got a few thousands here which I always
called the big four equal parts air of
chilli powder turmeric or howdy cumin
powder and coriander powder now some
onion I'm using the red onion use any
type of onion so at this stage I just
wanna without putting the lid on so I
cook this for like you know four to five
minutes just sort of brown it season it
get it happening
I'll be back okay that's just a few
minutes so what I do deserve some salt
and garlic ginger pieces knowledge
interfaces 50/50 garlic and ginger
finely minced
now what I'm going to do is add some
water it's not quite covered it but it
certainly there let's say this is a
pressure cooker I'm gonna go on with my
lid but then you don't need to have a
pressure cooker to make this you can
just do it with a regular pan so usually
I bring it up and I'll get your lid on
and simmer this for you need to simmer
this really for about 30 minutes this is
going to be ready in about ten I'll be
back there okay let's take a look this
is settled down somewhere I'll turn the
heat off at this point as well that is
cooking down really nicely I don't even
see this really come along there's about
twelve minutes in fact pressure pressure
cooking is just really quick I mean if
you're gonna invest in a pressure cooker
I advise it it's really they're really
handy but get yourself an expensive one
the modern ones these days are really
safe and all that you hear horror
stories about the ones back in the day
that exploded this stuff they just don't
do it anymore
unless you buy a really terrible
achievement so let's move on I've got
some sliced tomatoes there it's about
four or five medium size tomatoes I've
got some green chili I'm putting mine in
whole
putting as many or as little as you like
and I've got some cooked chickpeas these
were already cooked on channa
in they go nice there's still plenty of
liquid in there enough for us to
pressure cook and again I'm gonna go
back on with the lid I think maybe
another five or six minutes maybe once
it's reached its pressure and what
should happen or I hope will happen it's
those tomatoes will really break down
thicken the sauce slightly and we'll
have a viewer former sila see you when
I'm back okay let's take a look now
plenty of steam coming out of there yeah
as you can see well you probably can't
see yet because of the sting but we have
an incredibly incredibly beautiful
masala now we've speeded up this process
by probably five times by using the
pressure cooker you know to get that
meat just so sort of tender and falling
off the bone so that's it check it for
salt again I've tested my mind it's
great just gonna finish this off with
some fresh coriander give that a mix if
you like what you see subscribe to our
channel that really always helps us hope
you enjoyed this one let us know how you
get on
see you next time